welcome to the man up recaps this is
survivor winners at war episode six last
week Boston Rob was voted off the green
tribe and everyone there is having a
party the wicked witch is dead
and we can do whatever we want now
having a unanimous vote against Boston
Rob has actually really brought this
green tribe together Adam though is not
so sure he's part of the group he knows
he's on the bottom if they have to go to
tribal again now on the edge of
extinction Boston Rob is hanging out -
reunited with his wife Amber Tyson comes
in with a new fire token challenge
written on a giant log it talks about
turning over stones to find something
hidden
so everyone walks around the island just
turning over and he stone they see the
other part of the clue that was about
being at the right place at the right
time and it's Tyson who realizes it's
talking about the tides he finds the
prize but Rob's watching him so Tyson
sneakily pretends to pee then grabs it
when Rob's not looking the advantage is
an idol nullifier he tries to sell it to
Parvati who says yeah I'll snap that up
so Tyson's got himself a fire token now
he checks out the menu one token can buy
you an advantage in the return challenge
to get back in the game but Tyson's kind
of like you know but I really want a jar
of peanut butter
yes Tyson is going ham on this peanut
butter twice is just loving life now
it's time for the immunity challenge and
only the first-place team wins immunity
this week both other tribes are going to
tribal and voting someone out this is a
double elimination episode for this
challenge they gotta grab huge bags of
rice and then squeeze them through the
narrow hole in the obstacle then they
got to cut them open to find the balls
for a balance maze this is very
difficult and in the end it's a
neck-and-neck between Nick on blue and
Sophie on green and Sophie gets it all
right immunity for green tribe yeah this
is huge for them both other tribes
losing a member if this green foursome
can make it to the merge they can take
over the game so if two people going
home tonight
now the scrambling begins we start on
the blue tribe where the three boys have
the advantage and it's pretty obvious
they're going for Parvati harmony goes
to Wendell to see if he's willing to
shake things up and for the first time
in the game we get fired token bartering
Wendell's like hey how about you give me
to fire tokens all vote however you want
but the problem is party and Wendell
don't trust each other at all so it's
like well I'm not gonna give you fire
tokens then you'll just vote me out but
Parvati tries to run with this she goes
to Nick who's made no secret of the fact
that he had a car
and really wants to work with her if
he's like hey Wendell offered to turn on
you guys for my fire tokens so watch out
for him it really looks like the girls
may have dick convinced to turn on
Wendell now to the red tribe Toni Sandra
Kim had the numbers over Jeremy and
Denise but it's a tenuous alliance Toni
doesn't really trust him he wants to
know for sure yeah
Toni built another spy Shack just like
Laird branches here near the water well
where he can listen in problem is with
just the five of them they all notice
he's been missing for a while and they
know he's famous for building spy shacks
near the water wells so they just don't
go talk there Denise and Jeremy both try
to swing something but it looks like the
three are sticking together in the end
they decide they'd rather keep Jeremy
around
he's the perceived bigger threat and so
like you know can act as a shield for
them but Sandra is not so keen on this
strategy she doesn't want these big
threats out there she'd rather get rid
of him now Sandra has an immunity idol
that she bought early on and tonight's
the last night she can use it she's
feeling very safe in her alliance so or
haven't been let it go to waste
she tries to sell it to Denise for to
fire tokens she's like look Denise we're
all voting for you tonight if you play
this Idol though your vote will decide
who goes home Xander's like it's your
choice between the guys tawny and Jeremy
I'm okay with either the benefit of this
for Sandra besides the fire tokens is
that theoretically Denise will vote for
Tony
that's an ally Sandra is not very
comfortable with she wants him out of
here anyway so she secretly orchestrated
Tony's blindside but her ends are clean
plus because she saved Denise tonight
that'll be a strong ally for her moving
forward so it's time for two tribal
councils they show us the blue tribe
first basically the girls try to paint
Wendell as a bad guy and he does in fact
come off as kind of a dick this episode
it seems having his ex-girlfriend on the
tribe is messing with his mojo it comes
down to that Nik swing vote will he stay
with the boys or go work with the girls
but he sticks with the boys and Parvati
is voted out she had that idol nullifier
but it didn't help at all here gives her
fire tokens to Michelle and is off to
the edge of extinction then it's time
for the red tribe and looks like
Sandra's master plan is underway she
votes for Denise to keep up appearances
knowing that denise is gonna play the
idol she solder when Jeff brings out the
votes Denise play Sandra's Idol negating
all the votes against her but then
Denise plays another Idol yeah she had
her own from before she plays it to save
her friend Jeremy just in case so the
votes are all coming out Denise and
Denise is gonna vote Tony so this was a
masterful plan by Sandra I guess there's
only one way it could go wrong if Denise
votes first Sandra
oh what an epic backstab the queen is
taken down by her own arrogance just in
tribal they were talking about who the
big threats are and Sandra was like Oh
denise is not as big a threat
well done he showed her she's in this
game to win it plus earlier to niece
negotiated she give her one fire token
now and one fire token after dry Bowl so
now she doesn't have to pay it send her
back we still won fire token she just
got to you'll then Sandra is off to the
edge of extinction if you look at who's
over there so far it's a bunch of old
school players early in the season it
seemed like the old school players might
control the game but the new schoolers
have taken them all out where will it go
from here find out next time on Survivor
hit that subscribe button for more of
the best recaps of TV and movies and
click the join button to support the
channel and be a recap champion